README.md, before:


Docker DNS Server
============================================================
for login on demodatabase
path /h2-console

    username: admin
    password: jj78mvpr52k1


![enter image description here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demogitjava/demodatabase/master/dockerdnspanel.png)


2023-02-24 created snapshot

mirror 1:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dWhrwNHl6i_OEZeCHfFDg64UmwFxAfMN/view?usp=sharing

mirror 2:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/mxjx5uzskegxhyr/dockerdnsserver-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar?dl=0

created file /etc/bind
demogitjava.de

    $TTL  86400 
    $ORIGIN demogitjava.de.
    @        IN      SOA     demogitjava.de.(
                           2019011502
                               604800
                                86400
                              2419200
                                86400)
                  IN      NS          demogitjava.de.
                  IN      MX          mail.demogitjava.de.
     www          IN      A           217.160.255.254
                  IN      CNAME       demogitjava.de



in the moment is support one entry in table DNS
it also create the file named.conf.local
and the domain file demogitjava.de


then restart the container or the server
with

    sudo systemctl restart bind9
    sudo ufw allow 53/tcp
    sudo ufw allow 53/udp


used operating system in Debain 11.6

The used IDE is
Apache NetBeans
https://netbeans.apache.org/download/index.html

required is docker on the machine
https://www.docker.com/

The used java jdk is
https://www.graalvm.org/downloads/
in this case i use graalvm jdk 11


Simple Interface in Java for
Bind9 Server to add DNS Records over
Rest or the GUIServerPanel via epel-release



The Docker Container starts with name
--name=dnsdemogitjava
--dns=192.168.178.3

and expose port 53

forwarders are set with google
8.8.8.8
8.8.4.4
for edit the public dns look at
DaoDnsEntry - createnamedconfoptions()






run options docker network
============================================================

for bridge network -> 254 Containers

`docker network create --driver=bridge --subnet=192.168.178.0/24 --ip-range=192.168.178.0/24 --gateway=192.168.178.1 192.168.178.0`

Commit message:

edit docker-compose.yml README.md

README.md, after:


Docker DNS Server
============================================================
for login on demodatabase
path /h2-console

    username: admin
    password: jj78mvpr52k1


![enter image description here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demogitjava/demodatabase/master/dockerdnspanel.png)


2023-02-24 created snapshot

mirror 1:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dWhrwNHl6i_OEZeCHfFDg64UmwFxAfMN/view?usp=sharing

mirror 2:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/mxjx5uzskegxhyr/dockerdnsserver-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar?dl=0

created file /etc/bind
demogitjava.de

    $TTL  86400 
    $ORIGIN demogitjava.de.
    @        IN      SOA     demogitjava.de.(
                           2019011502
                               604800
                                86400
                              2419200
                                86400)
                  IN      NS          demogitjava.de.
                  IN      MX          mail.demogitjava.de.
     www          IN      A           217.160.255.254
                  IN      CNAME       demogitjava.de



in the moment is support **one entry** in table DNS
it also create the file named.conf.local
and the domain file demogitjava.de


then restart the container or the server
with

    sudo systemctl restart bind9
    sudo ufw allow 53/tcp
    sudo ufw allow 53/udp


used operating system in Debain 11.6

The used IDE is
Apache NetBeans
https://netbeans.apache.org/download/index.html

required is docker on the machine
https://www.docker.com/
to install docker on centos
[https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/centos/](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/centos/)



The used java jdk is
openjdk-11-jre


Simple Interface in Java for
Bind9 Server to add DNS Records over
Rest or the GUIServerPanel via epel-release



The Docker Container starts with name
--name=dnsdemogitjava
--dns=192.168.178.3

and expose port 53

forwarders are set with google
8.8.8.8
8.8.4.4
for edit the public dns look at
DaoDnsEntry - createnamedconfoptions()






run options docker network
============================================================

for bridge network -> 254 Containers

`docker network create --driver=bridge --subnet=192.168.178.0/24 --ip-range=192.168.178.0/24 --gateway=192.168.178.1 192.168.178.0`
